feat: add dest xcm fee check for forwarded xcms (#519)
paritytech/asset-transfer-api: README.md

);
```

### Estimating XCM Fees on Destination Chain

> In combination with the XCM Dry Run API, The api can be used to estimate fees for the xcm's forwarded to other chains.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In combination with the XCM Dry Run API, this API can be used to estimate fees for XCM messages sent to other chains.
```
Just a suggestion. No need to change it!

Author: Thanks! Updated this since it reads better that way :)
